[Music]
you
yeah I'm the shining star lightning
spark come to world Kairos I can see in
the dark
Cupid's arrow watch deep in my heart
love at the are gifted the way I'm so
Swift with the dawn lift in the cup I'm
a champion you love to see me live it up
that's why I can't ever give it up put
your hands together and I am pretty in
the city Pharrell but we can fly as
together if you're willing to bail I see
a vision of Elysian Fields another day
in the life of mr. William Shields we
start villagers strong coffer miniatures
from the ministers and the crumbs are
linking manasa behind the bars with
political prisoners conspiracies to
admit to indigenous listeners toned down
the content or add on the accent thought
that the image on some jazz had
theatrics singing the daunting in the
top hat embedded a bowl I keep it stream
that top company to move sudden that we
of a penniless fool they've been on the
edge ready to fall down again this time
a man don't pick myself back up that's
myself that way down to luck laughs is a
cruel mistress you wanna make love shade
down
you're one debug by the pain struggling
in vain wondering how to maintain
neighbor strong Apple crack cocaine they
switch other story but the facts don't
change they remain simpler planes no use
grind hope they stay stuck in the loop
but note what is giving off the glue
later win but it's trivial pursuits
false promises of fools gold from out
the cracks and the concrete or stone
rose and freedom is so close I can taste
it but never close enough for me to
fully embrace it the last are so basic
let's face it
but I'm the shining star lacking spark
can the world care as I can see in the
dark
Cupid's arrow lunch deep in my heart
love for the I get fit the way I'm so
Swift with the dawn lifting the cop I'm
a champion you love to see me live it up
let's rock or never give it up but your
hands together give it up
[Music]
yeah put your hands together give it up